1- Deployment Day: Deployment days are Monday tusday and wednesday, deployment time is between 9am and 3 pm,  before deployment each developer shouls review his code and his configuration, on thusrday the app will take the release ok and the first day for IOS acceptance. Friday is last chance to submit to IOS.

2-As a software engeneer, before the deployment i should make multiple tests on this application and should try it on a beta version.Also i should backup     		the database and make a backup on the last version in case the new one didn't work fine after the deployment. 

3-on-call : it mesns to know about : - Kh-AWS Node server, cpu and average latency,  firebase and cloudfunction, GCP payment,MailGun,dealing with new users number, how to load database...


4-before runing any query for production ia have to test it and be careful of many things. The most important ones are:
		Duration: it mean that this query how many times going to be used (all the time or just a quick test) and the time reqired to bet 					completed.

		
 		Reads: we have to test  how much data it is reading 

		Memory grant: we have to see if this query affect another query

		Also i should backup all the database again.
		

5-In case there is a mistake during production:
	Since i arleady made a backup of the last version of the application, we will deploy this version and work on the new one to debug it.
 
6-in cas of a new release of a feature on app, i should make a complete research on the feature requirements like database, configuration on connectivity
	and security for it.

7-The correcte time to send my code to be reviewed is after i made a test on it and made a self review on it and completely be convinced to it.

8.et3 worker:  it means the worker responsability and daily routines check ( database,servers, api... ).offcoarse also to monitor the app with the QA team who is responsible to find the bugs and share them with the dev team. 

9.Adding a new issue : The process to fix an issue is to see if the user has already have a vip or not.
			if he has took the vip so we have to ask for user ID ad delete the link from the firebase authentication ans ask the user to clear the cashes and unistall the app and try again.
	if the user don't have the vip:
		for android : we have to check from MYSQL and check some queries
		for ios : we have to check from the postman and update the user data

